https://tamuk.quickstart.com/blog/10-front-end-web-developer-portfolios-to-inspire-you/

https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/15-web-developer-portfolios-to-inspire-you-137fb1743cae/
https://www.awwwards.com/websites/portfolio/


http://findmatthew.com/


1. Matthew Williams
A full-stack web developer from Portland, OR, Matthew has an impressive portfolio which shows all his accomplishments and areas of expertise in an attractive manner. Matthew is the front-end developer for EyeCue Lab which provides a variety of digital solutions to clients including software, applications and websites etc. Matthew’s profile is available at www.findmatthew.com and it gives a good idea of what an appealing portfolio should look like.

2. Matt Farley
Matt is a front-end and UX/UI developer with more than eight years of experience in the respective fields. He works as a freelance designer and a snapshot of his creative work can be observed on his website: www.mattfarley.ca

3. Chris Dermody
Another eye-catching portfolio we found on the internet was from Chris Dermody. He lists himself as the Product Owner at Hostelworld, a platform which helps tourists book accommodation at their own convenience. He is a web developer and animator who also works on freelance projects. His website is www.chrisdermody.com

4. Dejan Markovic
Another UX and UI design professional, Dejan has an impressive portfolio too. Although his resume and the pages on the website may seem a bit excessive sometimes, they give a good idea of what organization and structure should be followed while creating a profile for yourself. You can check out all about his work at www.dejan.works

Start your 7-day FREE TRIAL with QuickStart.

5. Dries Van Broek
Dries is a motion designer and visitors to his website are greeted by amazing examples of his work as soon as the page loads. He belongs to Belgium and has worked on some high scale projects. His complete portfolio is available on his website which is a good example of a clean and concise page. You can view it right here: http://driesvanbroeck.be/

Explore our bootcamps to unleash your web development skills and create your own personalized portfolio to inspire the world. Start a 7-day free trial today!

6. Josue Espinosa
Our next feature is Josue, a software developer residing in the US. He has had the experience of working with some big names like Yale University and Hewlett-Packard (HP). His portfolio is one of the most impressive ones that we’ve come across and it serves as a great inspiration for anyone looking to replicate such a thing for themselves. Take a look: www.ejosue.com

7. Rafael Caferati
Rafael is a full-stack web developer and UI/UX JavaScript specialist. His portfolio is available at www.caferati.me and it seems simple yet quite stunning. The animations are balanced and refreshing to watch, everything is easily accessible and the design is quite user-friendly. It gives a good overview of what his work will look like and this is something that developers can replicate in their own portfolios.

8. Jack Tomaszewski
Jack belongs to Russia and is another full-stack web developer. He handles both front and back-end components of web design, something which is visible when you take a look through his portfolio at www.jtom.me. His website has a simple layout with all his work experiences listed on the homepage for easy viewing.

9. Emily Ridge
From Ireland, Emily is a Content Management System developer and designer. Her focus is on WordPress and front-end web design as well as development. Her work is available for sampling at www.emilyridge.ie

10. Adham Dannaway
Last but not least is Adham. He is another full-stack web developer, something which is quite clear as soon as his website pops up. With an impressive design and attention to details, this developer from Australia really ticks all the right boxes. His portfolio is available at www.adhamdannaway.com